All right, I got a very exciting section
here of the course. What we are gonna
get into is Spring Data for MongoDB.
MongoDB is a no SQL database. It's
quite a different model, than what we're
used to with traditional SQL databases.
Now, I'm introducing this into the course
because one of the new features inside
of Spring Framework 5 is reactive
programming. And guess what? Relational
Database is the JDBC spec, at the time of
production of this course, does not
support Reactive API's. So but the Mongo,
Mongo is a does have a reactive driver.
I want to get into the MongoDB.
We're gonna take the recipe
application that we've been using, and
we're gonna revert it over to Mongo.
So we're gonna learn a little bit more
about the Mongo database. We're gonna
learn about Mongo, a Spring Data for
MongoDB, and how to use that. We're
gonna transition that recipe
application over to using MongoDB. So
there's a couple things that we're gonna
have to do. Obviously, setting up the
project, and then removing all the JPA stuff, all the JPA baggage, and then
introducing Mongo. There's a couple
little nuances that we need to work with
or work through, which aren't you about
to work through with. You're gonna
see how easy it was to create this
application. This really sets us up
for doing some really neat stuff, later
in the course, because now, you'll have
experience working with MongoDB, and
will be able to go and build an end-to-end
reactive application using Spring
Framework 5.